# Coin Trader README

# Overview
Coin Trader displays an updating value of a cryptocurrency coin as well as the percentage change.

# Architecture
Coin Trader is comprised of a ASP.NET Core Web API backend and an Angular SPA client.

The backend core layer is CoinTrader.Shared which contains data classes, enumerations and services. There is a corresponding xUnit test _CoinTrader.Shared.Tests_.

This is used by _CoinTrader.API_ which is the backend of the coin trading platform. The two requested endpoints are present and Swagger/SwaggerUI is enabled.

_CoinTrader.Api.Client_ contains NSwagStudio v13.15.9 definitions to create C# and TypeScript clients. THe C# client is used by a xUnit test _CoinTrader.Api.Client.Tests_ and the TypeScript client is used by the Angular frontend.

The frontend is an Angular app that calls the backend. An Angular module _price_ contains the relevant components of this coding challenge.

# Todo
Tests of the Angular components have not been implemented.
Tighten the CORS policy. Currently you can call the backend from any origin.

# Features
* Efficient socket utilisation with IHttpClientFactory.

# Prerequisites
* .NET Core 6
* Visual Studio 2022
* Node.js v16.13.1 or later
* Angular CLI v13.1.1 or later

The backend was developed in VS 2022 and the frontend in VS Code.

# How to run
CoinTrader has been deployed to Azure but can also run from a developer's machine.

## Azure
Go to ...

## Developer machine
__Note: '~' denotes the home folder of the cloned repository.__

### To start the backend server

#### From Visual Studio...
Open solution, and run CoinTrader.API as Debug|AnyCPU.


#### From the command line...
```
cd ~/src/backend/API/CoinTrader.Api
dotnet run --launch-profile CoinTrader.Api
Then in a browser, navigate to https://localhost:7134/swagger
```

### To start the Angular frontent 

#### To prepare the frontend (once-off):
```
cd ~\src\frontend\coin-trader-web
npm install
```

#### To start the frontend:
```
ng serve --open
```

This will open a browser at http://localhost:4200/

#### To stop the frontend:

Type `Ctrl-C`


# Architecture

# Backend

# xUnit tests
To run the tests from the command line:
```
cd ~\src\backend\Test\ApiTest
dotnet watch test
```

# Frontend
Angular app made with


C:\dev\coin\src\frontend>ng new coin-trader-web --style=scss

VS Code workspace at ~/src/frontend/coin-trader-web.code-workspace


# Timings
* Creating the backend solution with basic skeletons for backend API, xUnit test project, Swagger Client project, Angular project skeleton, .gitignore, making a start on the README.me: 4 hours
* Configurable source API for real pricedata, using IHttpClientFactory and Newtonsoft to parse JSON: 1 hour.
* Fleshing out some unit tests, refactoring services outside the CoinTrader.API service: 0.75 hour.
* Regenerating the API clients and adding the API Client xUnit test: 0.5 hour.
* Cleaning up the skeleton Angular project and documenting the architecture: 0.5 hour.
* Creating Az Powershell scripts to make backend site in Azure, setting up CORS in backend, tweaking NSwag configurations, configuring launch.json so I can reliably run Chrome with the frontend from VS Code, creating Angular components to display prices, 
setting up routing module, configuring the CoinTraderApiClient (generated by NSwagStudio) to be injected, getting first calls to backend to work: 4 hours.
* Creating the backend comms service, implementing an observable to send the ask value and change to pricing components: 2 hours
s